Library Application - User Guide

In addition to the initial home page, which doesn't contain information, there are five other pages with functionality. They should be
accessed using the navbar at the top of the screen, and clicking on the desired page. 

1. Login
This page is only meant for the user to enter their email to gain access to all functionality. Type email inbox, press submit, and a confirmation
will appear.

2. Checkout
This page is meant for the user to check out or return books. First, they must have logged in. Then, assuming the library functions on a barcode
system(each is unique), unique book numbers are assigned. There is a box for checkout and return, where this 9 digit ID can be entered. From this,
the system will make the necessary changes to the database.

3. Display
This page show all books in the library. Using the dropdown menus, the user can sort by author, title (ascending and descending), or filter by
book status (All, Available, taken out by logged in user). Their choices can be entered through the submit button. When this is submitted, the
display changes.

4. History
The history page allows a user to input a book's ID (as this is the only unique identifier/primary key possible). Once inputted, if the record 
exists in the database, the history will be retrieved and outputted below. If the book doesn't exist, the screen will display this as well.

5. Inventory
The inventory page allows changing of the library's selection. There are three sub-functionalities on this page:
    -Change Quantity:
    Input space for title, quantity, and select ADD or DELETE. Note: quantity should be entered as a positive integer (1,2,3), as this is the
    functionality supported. Additional copies of the title are then either added or deleted depending on the status of the dropdown menu.

    -Delete Book:
    Input space for title. Once submitted, the library will no longer 'carry' that book, and any physical copies of the book will be deleted.

    -Add Book:
    Input space for title and author(s). Once submitted, new records are created in the database, marking that the libary 'carries' that book, but
    no physical copies are added.